[blog] Add "Bringing Goodnotes to the Web with Swift and WebAssembly" (#1414)
apple/swift-org-website: _posts/2025-09-07-bringing-goodnotes-to-web-with-swift.md

---
layout: post
published: true
date: 2026-05-20 10:00:00

> title: "Bringing Goodnotes to the Web with Swift and WebAssembly"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Bringing Goodnotes to the web with Swift and WebAssembly"
```

Web isn't a proper now - suggest making this lower-case

author: kateinoigakukun
---

_Goodnotes has been helping millions of users take handwritten notes on iPad for over a decade, earning recognition as Apple's iPad App of the Year in 2022. Today, the same Swift code that powers our iOS app also runs seamlessly in web browsers through WebAssembly, delivering the exact same ink rendering and note-taking experience users love._

<picture style="max-width: 80%; margin: 0 auto; display: block;">
  <source srcset="/assets/images/bringing-goodnotes-to-web-with-swift/goodnotes-logo-dark.png" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
  <source srcset="/assets/images/bringing-goodnotes-to-web-with-swift/goodnotes-logo-light.png" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)">
  <img src="/assets/images/bringing-goodnotes-to-web-with-swift/goodnotes-logo-light.png" alt="Goodnotes Logo">
</picture>

> This journey demonstrates that Swift can work as a universal language, running high-performance applications on different platforms while maintaining the same codebase. When we fix bugs or make improvements, all our users benefit simultaneously, regardless of which platform they use.

Reviewer 2: The description of Swift as a "universal language" differs a bit from the positioning that swift.org uses, which focuses more on the cross-platform story. Would it work to remove that and adjust "different platforms" to frame the cross-platform story?

Rather than "can work", how about "excels"?

This suggestion also incorporates a revised last sentence.

Here's a suggestion:

```suggestion
This journey demonstrates that Swift excels as a cross-platform language, running high-performance applications while sharing the same codebase. Every bug fix and improvement to Goodnotes benefits all our users simultaneously, regardless of which platform they use.
```

Reviewer 3: The beauty of Webassembly is that once Swift works there, it will run on any platform Webassembly runs on,  not just the web. I can see the "universal language" framing supporting that, just depends how the Wasm people want to talk about that.

> After two years of development and over two years in production at Goodnotes, we've demonstrated that Swift on WebAssembly is a viable, powerful approach for building complex, performance-critical web applications.

Reviewer 3: "demonstrated" -> "proven" or "shown"

Simply because better not to use "demonstrated" repeatedly, already in previous paragraph

> After two years of development and two years of production deployment, we've proven that Swift on WebAssembly is not just viable, it's a powerful approach for building complex, performance-critical web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After two years of development and two years of production deployment, we've proven that Swift on WebAssembly is not just viable; it's a powerful approach for building complex, performance-critical web applications.
```

separate phrase makes that a comma-splice - better as a `;`

> After two years of development and two years of production deployment, we've proven that Swift on WebAssembly is not just viable; it's a powerful approach for building complex, performance-critical web applications.

Reviewer 2: @kateinoigakukun confirming: is this timeline accurate? Would it be accurate to say "over two years" -- that would be clearer given the start in 2021. I also suggest a change to "in production" vs saying "years of production deployment" to be clearer.

```suggestion
After two years of development and over two years in production at Goodnotes, we've proven that Swift on WebAssembly is not just viable; it's a powerful approach for building complex, performance-critical web applications.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's also worth saying "at Goodnotes" so it's a bit clearer.

> After two years of development and two years of production deployment, we've proven that Swift on WebAssembly is not just viable; it's a powerful approach for building complex, performance-critical web applications.

Reviewer 2: Would this work as an alternative?

```suggestion
After two years of development and two years of production deployment, we've demonstrated that Swift on WebAssembly is not just viable; it's a powerful approach for building complex, performance-critical web applications.
```

Or if you'd like something closer to the original "we have proved" would also work.

Reviewer 3: "viable;" -> viable,

> ## Why we chose Swift for the Web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why we chose Swift for the web
```

> When we decided to bring Goodnotes to the web in 2021, we faced a critical decision. After 10+ years of development, we had accumulated millions of lines of Swift code that embodied countless refinements and optimizations for digital ink rendering, document synchronization, conflict resolution using Conflict-Free Replicated Data Types (CRDTs), and content search and document indexing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we decided to bring Goodnotes to the web in 2021, we faced a critical decision. After more than 10 years of development, we had accumulated millions of lines of Swift code that embodied countless refinements and optimizations for digital ink rendering, document synchronization, conflict resolution using Conflict-Free Replicated Data Types (CRDTs), and content search and document indexing.
```

spell out "more than" that than using the 10+ shorthand

> When we decided to bring Goodnotes to the web in 2021, we faced a critical decision. After more than 10 years of development, we had accumulated millions of lines of Swift code that embodied countless refinements and optimizations for digital ink rendering, document synchronization, conflict resolution using Conflict-Free Replicated Data Types (CRDTs), and content search and document indexing.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: "contained" is a bit more concrete and direct than "embodied"

```suggestion
When we decided to bring Goodnotes to the web in 2021, we faced a critical decision. After more than 10 years of development, we had accumulated millions of lines of Swift code that contained countless refinements and optimizations for digital ink rendering, document synchronization, conflict resolution using Conflict-Free Replicated Data Types (CRDTs), and content search and document indexing.
```

Reviewer 3: I would use good old "implemented" instead.

Reviewer 2: Either of those sound good to me!

> We needed to maintain 60+ fps for real-time ink rendering, which made performance critical. A JavaScript rewrite, Flutter, or Kotlin Multiplatform would all require rewriting our entire rendering engine from scratch, a substantial undertaking that would delay our web launch by years and inevitably introduce behavioral differences between platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We needed to maintain more than 60 fps for real-time ink rendering, which made performance critical. A JavaScript rewrite, Flutter, or Kotlin Multiplatform would all require rewriting our entire rendering engine from scratch, a substantial undertaking that would delay our web launch by years and inevitably introduce behavioral differences between platforms.
```

> We needed to maintain more than 60 fps for real-time ink rendering, which made performance critical. A JavaScript rewrite, Flutter, or Kotlin Multiplatform would all require rewriting our entire rendering engine from scratch, a substantial undertaking that would delay our web launch by years and inevitably introduce behavioral differences between platforms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We needed to maintain more than 60 fps for real-time ink rendering, which made performance critical. A JavaScript rewrite, Flutter, or Kotlin Multiplatform would all require rewriting our entire rendering engine from scratch, a substantial undertaking that would have delayed our web launch by years and inevitably introduce behavioral differences between platforms.
```

Reviewer 3: needed -> need

fps -> Frames-Per-Second (FPS)

made -> makes

> We need to maintain more than 60 frames per second (FPS) for real-time ink rendering, which makes performance critical. A JavaScript rewrite, Flutter, or Kotlin Multiplatform would all require rewriting our entire rendering engine from scratch, a substantial undertaking that would have delayed our web launch by years and inevitably introduced behavioral differences between platforms.

Reviewer 3: Capitalize "Frames Per Second" to match the acronym.

> SwiftWasm emerged as the solution. This community-driven project allows Swift code to compile to WebAssembly, running in browsers with good performance. We started experimenting with SwiftWasm, building prototypes to validate the approach. Our first experiment focused on our handwriting component, a performance-critical part of Goodnotes that would serve as a good indicator of WebAssembly's capabilities. The results were promising enough that we committed to this path.

Reviewer 2: Would it be accurate to say "with high performance" vs "good performance"? Will defer to you @kateinoigakukun and your experience.

```suggestion
SwiftWasm emerged as the solution. This community-driven project allows Swift code to compile to WebAssembly, running in browsers with high performance. We started experimenting with SwiftWasm, building prototypes to validate the approach. Our first experiment focused on our handwriting component, a performance-critical part of Goodnotes that would serve as a good indicator of WebAssembly's capabilities. The results were promising enough that we committed to this path.
```

Reviewer 3: Link to swiftwasm.org here?

> The most compelling benefit wasn't just code reuse, but the guarantee of behavioral consistency. When users draw a stroke on their iPad and later open the same document on the web, they see exactly the same curves, the same pressure sensitivity, the same ink flow. This isn't because we carefully reimplemented the same algorithms twice; it's because it's literally the same Swift code running on both platforms.

Reviewer 3: "twice; it's because it's literally" -> twice: it's literally

> ## Technical Architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Technical architecture
```

sentence casing for section headings

<div style="margin: 2em auto;">
  <img
    alt="Goodnotes WebAssembly Architecture showing shared Swift code between iOS and Web platforms."
    src="/assets/images/bringing-goodnotes-to-web-with-swift/code-sharing.png"
    width="840" height="525"
    style="max-width: 100%; width: 100%; height: auto; margin: auto; display: block;"
  />
  <div style="text-align: center; font-size: smaller; margin-top: 1em;">Goodnotes Architecture: Shared Swift code between iOS and Web platforms.</div>
</div>

Our architecture is built around a clear separation between platform-specific UI components and shared business logic. This design enables us to maintain behavioral consistency while leveraging platform-native capabilities where appropriate.

> ### Shared Core Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Shared core components
```

sentence casing for section headings

> The heart of our application consists of two main parts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The heart of our application consists of three main parts:
```

> **Content Rendering Engine**: This handles the real-time rendering of notebook content and interactive ink strokes. We use a custom rendering engine built on low-level graphics APIs, Metal on iOS and WebGL on the web. The rendering logic is almost entirely shared, with only platform abstraction layers implemented separately for each platform.

Reviewer 3: "APIs, Metal" -> APIs: Metal

> **Business Logic Layer**: Document modeling, handwriting recognition, document indexing, and so on are all implemented in shared Swift packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Business Logic Layer**: Document modeling, handwriting recognition, and document indexing are all implemented in shared Swift packages.
```

The "and so on..." hedges quite a bit - we should either shorten it up to be a bit more direct, or add in the other pieces that you want to call out if there's some missing. There's not enough context here for a reader to know what other things might be, or how to look it up.

**View Models**: Core view models that handle tool interactions and user gestures are shared across platforms.

> ### Code Sharing Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Code sharing metrics
```

sentence casing for section headings

Our codebase demonstrates significant code reuse:
- **Total Web Swift codebase**: 2.2 million lines of code

> - **Shared Swift code**: 1.47 million lines (66% of the Web app, 34% of the iOS app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Shared Swift code**: 1.47 million lines (66% of the web app, 34% of the iOS app)
```

Web isn't a proper now - suggest making this lower-case

While lines of code isn't the best metric, these numbers reflect the substantial business logic and rendering engine that we successfully share between platforms.

> ### Binary Size and Loading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Binary size and loading
```

sentence casing for section headings

> The final WebAssembly binary is approximately 50MB, which compresses to 12MB with Brotli compression. We use Service Workers for efficient caching, ensuring fast loading times for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final WebAssembly binary is approximately 50 MB, which compresses to 12 MB with Brotli compression. We use Service Workers for efficient caching and fast load times for users.
```

suggested more direct phrasing

> ### JavaScript Interoperability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### JavaScript interoperability
```

We use [JavaScriptKit](https://github.com/swiftwasm/JavaScriptKit) for seamless interoperability between Swift and JavaScript. This allows us to integrate with the existing web ecosystem while keeping our core logic in Swift.

> ### Platform Compatibility Considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Platform compatibility considerations
```

sentence casing for section headings

When sharing code between iOS and WebAssembly targets, we encountered several important considerations:

> **Concurrency Model**: libdispatch APIs are unavailable on WebAssembly targets. We migrated from direct libdispatch usage to Swift Concurrency's async/await and actors, for better cross-platform compatibility.

Reviewer 4: `async`/`await` are used in this context as keywords, so should be formatted accordingly.
```suggestion
**Concurrency Model**: libdispatch APIs are unavailable on WebAssembly targets. We migrated from direct libdispatch usage to Swift Concurrency's `async`/`await` and actors, for better cross-platform compatibility.
```

Reviewer 3: Link to the Concurrency portion of the Swift book or some other Concurrency post for more info?

> **Concurrency Model**: libdispatch APIs are unavailable on WebAssembly targets. We migrated from direct libdispatch usage to Swift Concurrency's async/await and actors, which provides better cross-platform compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Concurrency Model**: libdispatch APIs are unavailable on WebAssembly targets. We migrated from direct libdispatch usage to Swift Concurrency's async/await and actors, for better cross-platform compatibility.
```

more direct wording suggestion

> **Architecture Differences**: The wasm32 architecture uses 32-bit integers, so code that assumes 64-bit word sizes needed to be updated to use `Int64` explicitly.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Architecture Differences**: The wasm32 architecture uses 32-bit pointers, so code that assumes 64-bit word sizes needed to be updated to use `Int64` explicitly.
```

Reviewer 3: He mentioned `Int64`, so integers would be correct.

Reviewer 4: I don't debate the correctness of that part, but "wasm32 architecture uses 32-bit integers" is not a useful statement here. Wasm32 architecture also uses 64-bit integers, 32-bit floats, and 64-bit floats, but neither of those are its distinguishing characteristics. The only meaningful difference between wasm32 and wasm64 is pointer width, and neither of those operate on an `int` type for "uses 32-bit integers" statement to be warranted.

Reviewer 3: I think what he meant is that `Int` is `Int32` on 32-bit platforms, so code that blindly uses `Int` and assumes `Int64` won't work on 32-bit, unless you explicitly change it to `Int64`. I have run into this problem on 32-bit Android armv7 also.

Reviewer 4: I understand what Yuta means. The purpose of this review is to ensure that this meaning is relayed to all readers unambiguously, which is not what "wasm32 architecture uses 32-bit integers" phrasing does.

Reviewer 3: His original phrasing relayed it better, this porting issue has nothing to do with pointers.

> **Architecture Differences**: On wasm32, Swift's `Int` has a 32-bit width. Code that assumed `Int` could hold 64-bit values needed to be updated to use `Int64` explicitly.

Reviewer 3: This is a better explanation for sure, but second sentence needs rewording. How about "Some code assumes `Int` only holds 64-bit values, so it has to be updated to use"...?

**Dependency Injection**: Network access and other I/O operations are abstracted through dependency injection, allowing us to provide platform-specific implementations while keeping the core logic shared.

> ### Multithreading with WASI Threads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multithreading with WASI threads
```

sentence casing for section headings

> One of the most significant technical achievements was implementing true parallelism using WebAssembly System Interface (WASI) Threads with Web Worker and SharedArrayBuffer. This allows us to:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
One of the most significant technical achievements was implementing true parallelism using [WebAssembly System Interface (WASI) Threads](https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-threads) with [Web Workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API) and [`SharedArrayBuffer`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SharedArrayBuffer). This allows us to:
```

Reviewer 3: Yeah, links for more info would be great. 👍

> One of the most significant technical achievements was implementing true parallelism using Web Assembly System Interface (WASI) Threads with Web Worker and SharedArrayBuffer. This allows us to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most significant technical achievements was implementing true parallelism using WebAssembly System Interface (WASI) Threads with Web Worker and SharedArrayBuffer. This allows us to:
```

I *think* the proper spelling with WebAssembly - all together, not as separate words

- Run handwriting recognition in background Web Workers
- Perform document indexing without blocking the main thread

> - Maintain smooth 60fps+ rendering while processing complex operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Maintain smooth rendering at more than 60 fps while processing complex operations
```

> - Maintain smooth rendering at more than 60 fps while processing complex operations

Reviewer 3: fps -> FPS

With the acronym defined above

Swift Concurrency's [Custom Actor Executors (SE-0392)](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0392-custom-actor-executors.md) were crucial for managing the web platform's constraints. JavaScript objects are isolated to their originating thread, so we needed precise control over where our Swift actors execute. [JavaScriptKit provides several APIs](https://swiftpackageindex.com/swiftwasm/javascriptkit/0.35.0/documentation/javascripteventloop/webworkerdedicatedexecutor) to create a SerialExecutor for a dedicated Web Worker, enabling us to pin specific actors to specific Web Workers.

This architecture ensures that computationally intensive tasks like handwriting recognition run in the background while UI operations stay on the main thread, while still allowing access to JavaScript objects inside background threads.

> **Performance Impact**: This multithreading approach delivered a 2x+ improvement in [Interaction to Next Paint (INP)](https://web.dev/articles/inp), significantly enhancing the UI responsiveness during complex operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Performance Impact**: This multithreading approach delivered a greater than 2x improvement in [Interaction to Next Paint (INP)](https://web.dev/articles/inp), significantly enhancing the UI responsiveness during complex operations.
```

> This architecture ensures that computationally intensive tasks like handwriting recognition run in the background while UI operations stay on the main thread, while still allowing access to JavaScript objects inside background threads.

Reviewer 3: computationally-intensive

**Security Considerations**: Modern browser security policies require [Cross-Origin Isolation to use SharedArrayBuffer](https://web.dev/articles/cross-origin-isolation-guide). While this adds some complexity to the application, it's a necessary trade-off for the performance benefits of true parallelism. For applications that can't meet these requirements, single-threaded cooperative concurrent execution remains a viable option.

> ## Development Experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development experience
```

> One of the most significant aspects of our Swift on WebAssembly experience was the development workflow. The tooling ecosystem proved to be mature and powerful, providing a solid development experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most significant aspects of our Swift on WebAssembly experience was the development workflow. The tooling ecosystem is mature and powerful, providing a solid development experience.
```

switches from passive construction to present tense, and simpler presentation

> ### IDE Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### IDE support
```

> We can develop using either Xcode or VSCode with SourceKit-LSP, providing full language server support including autocomplete, error checking, and refactoring capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can develop using either Xcode or VS Code with SourceKit-LSP, providing full language server support including autocomplete, error checking, and refactoring capabilities.
```

VSCode -> VS Code

> However, Xcode doesn't currently have WebAssembly platform support, so code completion and other features are limited for WebAssembly-specific APIs. SourceKit-LSP, however, has Swift SDK support, so by properly configuring `.sourcekit-lsp/config.json`, you can get code completion for WebAssembly targets as well.

Reviewer 3: Too many "however"s, just start with "Xcode doesn't"?

> However, Xcode doesn't currently have WebAssembly platform support, so code completion and other features are limited for WebAssembly-specific APIs. On the other hand, SourceKit-LSP has Swift SDK support, so by properly configuring `.sourcekit-lsp/config.json`, you can get code completion for WebAssembly targets as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Xcode doesn't currently have WebAssembly platform support, so code completion and other features are limited for WebAssembly-specific APIs. SourceKit-LSP, however, has Swift SDK support, so by properly configuring `.sourcekit-lsp/config.json`, you can get code completion for WebAssembly targets as well.
```

wording suggestion to drop "On the other hand"

> ### Debugging and Development Tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Debugging and development tools
```

sentence casing for section headings

You can debug Swift code directly in Chrome DevTools: set breakpoints, inspect variables, and step through your Swift code as naturally as JavaScript. We developed a Chrome DevTools extension library that enables Swift-specific variable reflection and source-level debugging, building upon the existing [WebAssembly debugging capabilities](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/wasm). For more details on the enhanced DWARF extension for Swift, see the [Swift on WebAssembly debugging guide](https://book.swiftwasm.org/getting-started/debugging.html#enhanced-dwarf-extension-for-swift).

<div style="margin: 2em auto;">
  <img
    alt="Chrome DevTools debugging Swift code compiled to WebAssembly, showing breakpoints, variable inspection, and call stack."
    src="/assets/images/bringing-goodnotes-to-web-with-swift/chrome-devtools-swift.png"
    width="840" height="525"
    style="max-width: 100%; width: 100%; height: auto; margin: auto; display: block;"
  />
  <div style="text-align: center; font-size: smaller; margin-top: 1em;">Debugging Swift code in Chrome DevTools with full source code visibility and variable inspection.</div>
</div>

> ### Performance Profiling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Performance profiling
```

sentence casing for section headings

> The existing web ecosystem provides powerful performance profiling tools. Chrome's Performance tab shows exactly where time is spent, down to individual Swift functions, and the Memory tab gives us good insights into memory usage patterns. For most performance optimization tasks, these standard tools are quite effective.

Reviewer 3: good insights -> insight

> For more advanced cases requiring specialized memory profiling capabilities and detailed heap analysis, the growing WebAssembly ecosystem provided the foundation for building custom tools. We developed [wasm-memprof](https://github.com/kateinoigakukun/wasm-memprof) for detailed heap profiling when optimizing memory usage. This tool provides insights into memory allocation patterns that aren't easily visible through standard web profiling tools.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For more advanced cases requiring specialized memory profiling capabilities and detailed heap analysis, the growing WebAssembly ecosystem provided the foundation for building custom tools. We developed [`wasm-memprof`](https://github.com/kateinoigakukun/wasm-memprof) for detailed heap profiling when optimizing memory usage. This tool provides insights into memory allocation patterns that aren't easily visible through standard web profiling tools.
```

<div style="margin: 2em auto;">
  <img
    alt="wasm-memprof performance profiling tool showing flame graph and memory allocation analysis for WebAssembly applications."
    src="/assets/images/bringing-goodnotes-to-web-with-swift/wasmmemprof.png"
    width="840" height="525"
    style="max-width: 100%; width: 100%; height: auto; margin: auto; display: block;"
  />
  <div style="text-align: center; font-size: smaller; margin-top: 1em;">Performance profiling with wasm-memprof showing memory allocation patterns and optimization opportunities.</div>
</div>

> ## Contributing Back to the Community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing back to the community
```

sentence casing for section headings

> As part of our journey, we've been able to contribute back to the Swift community in meaningful ways. All WebAssembly-related changes are now upstreamed, and **Swift 6.2 supports the WebAssembly platform**! This means that other teams can now benefit from the same tooling and language features that made our project successful.

Reviewer 3: are now -> have been

"Swift 6.2 supports the WebAssembly platform" -> the WebAssembly platform has been supported since Swift 6.2

> As part of our journey, we've been able to contribute back to the Swift community in meaningful ways. All WebAssembly-related changes are now upstreamed, and **Swift 6.2 will officially support the WebAssembly platform**! This means that other teams can now benefit from the same tooling and language features that made our project successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of our journey, we've been able to contribute back to the Swift community in meaningful ways. All WebAssembly-related changes are now upstreamed, and **Swift 6.2 supports the WebAssembly platform**! This means that other teams can now benefit from the same tooling and language features that made our project successful.
```

dropped "will" - we want to avoid future statements, doubly so because 6.2 is already out - and "officially" doesn't really hold a lot of weight - just the statement that 6.2 supports WebAssembly does the trick pretty well

> ## Lessons Learned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Lessons learned
```

sentence casing for section headings

Our experience has shown that Swift on WebAssembly is production-ready for complex applications. The language's safety features, performance characteristics, and modern concurrency model translate well to the web platform.

**For teams considering this path, here are our key recommendations:**

> - Start with a performance-critical component to validate the approach

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Start with a performance-critical component to validate the approach.
```

> - Invest in proper platform abstraction layers early

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Invest in proper platform abstraction layers early.
```

> - Leverage Swift Concurrency for cross-platform compatibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Leverage Swift Concurrency for cross-platform compatibility.
```

> - Plan for the security requirements of SharedArrayBuffer if multithreading is needed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Plan for the security requirements of SharedArrayBuffer if multithreading is needed.
```

> - Consider gradual adoption rather than complete rewrites for existing projects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Consider gradual adoption rather than complete rewrites for existing projects.
```

> Consider using Swift for web projects. The growing WebAssembly ecosystem and improved tooling support make this an increasingly viable option for teams looking to share code across platforms.

Reviewer 3: for web -> for your web

> We encourage other teams to consider using Swift for web projects. The growing WebAssembly ecosystem and improved tooling support make this an increasingly viable option for teams looking to share code across platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using Swift for web projects. The growing WebAssembly ecosystem and improved tooling support make this an increasingly viable option for teams looking to share code across platforms.
```

more direct, and avoids the confusing "we" reference

> ## Get Involved with Swift on WebAssembly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get involved with Swift on WebAssembly
```

sentence casing for section headings

> Swift has fulfilled its promise of being a powerful, expressive language that works everywhere. From mobile devices to servers to web browsers, Swift code can run efficiently while maintaining the safety and performance characteristics that developers appreciate.

Reviewer 3: "of being" -> of

The Swift on WebAssembly ecosystem is more accessible than ever. Here's how you can get involved:

**For Developers:**

> - Try out the [Swift on WebAssembly getting started guide](https://www.swift.org/documentation/articles/wasm-getting-started.html) and build your first web application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Try out the [Swift on WebAssembly getting started guide](https://www.swift.org/documentation/articles/wasm-getting-started.html) and build your first web application.
```

> - Explore the [JavaScriptKit Hello World tutorial](https://swiftpackageindex.com/swiftwasm/javascriptkit/tutorials/javascriptkit/hello-world) for hands-on learning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Explore the [JavaScriptKit Hello World tutorial](https://swiftpackageindex.com/swiftwasm/javascriptkit/tutorials/javascriptkit/hello-world) for hands-on learning.
```

> - Use the [WebAssembly debugging guide](https://book.swiftwasm.org/getting-started/debugging.html) to set up your development environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the [WebAssembly debugging guide](https://book.swiftwasm.org/getting-started/debugging.html) to set up your development environment.
```

> **For Contributors:**

Reviewer 3: For SwiftWasm Contributors

> - Participate in discussions with the [#webassembly tag on the Swift forums](https://forums.swift.org/tag/webassembly)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Participate in discussions with the [#webassembly tag on the Swift forums](https://forums.swift.org/tag/webassembly).
```

> - Open [issues and contribute](https://github.com/swiftwasm/swift) to improve the toolchain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open [issues and contribute](https://github.com/swiftwasm/swift) to improve the toolchain.
```

> - Share your experiences and help build the community

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Share your experiences and help build the community.
```

> With Swift 6.2's official WebAssembly support, we're entering a new era of cross-platform development. The same language that powers iOS applications can now create web experiences that are fast, safe, and maintainable.

Reviewer 2: Revised since Swift 6.2 with official Wasm support has been out for a while.

```suggestion
With Swift 6.2's official WebAssembly support, we've entered a new era of cross-platform development. The same language that powers iOS applications can now create web experiences that are fast, safe, and maintainable.
```

Reviewer 3: Swift 6.2's -> Swift's

No need to mention the older version again.

> The future of Swift is universal, and we're excited to see what the community builds next.

Reviewer 2: Would "cross-platform" work as an alternative to universal? Let me know if that aligns with what you're looking to say and works for you.
